Moses
1
39

For behold, this is my work and my glory—to bring to pass the immortality and eternal life of man.
Moses
7
18

And the Lord called his people Zion, because they were of one heart and one mind, and dwelt in righteousness; and there was no poor among them.
Abraham
2
9
11
And I will make of thee a great nation, and I will bless thee above measure, and make thy name great among all nations, and thou shalt be a blessing unto thy seed after thee, that in their hands they shall bear this ministry and Priesthood unto all nations; And I will bless them through thy name; for as many as receive this Gospel shall be called after thy name, and shall be accounted thy seed, and shall rise up and bless thee, as their father; And I will bless them that bless thee, and curse them that curse thee; and in thee (that is, in thy Priesthood) and in thy seed (that is, thy Priesthood), for I give unto thee a promise that this right shall continue in thee, and in thy seed after thee (that is to say, the literal seed, or the seed of the body) shall all the families of the earth be blessed, even with the blessings of the Gospel, which are the blessings of salvation, even of life eternal.
Abraham
3
22
23
Now the Lord had shown unto me, Abraham, the intelligences that were organized before the world was; and among all these there were many of the noble and great ones; And God saw these souls that they were good, and he stood in the midst of them, and he said: These I will make my rulers; for he stood among those that were spirits, and he saw that they were good; and he said unto me: Abraham, thou art one of them; thou wast chosen before thou wast born.
Genesis
1
26
27
And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness: and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth. So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him; male and female created he them.
Genesis
2
24

Therefore shall a man leave his father and his mother, and shall cleave unto his wife: and they shall be one flesh.
Genesis
39
9

There is none greater in this house than I; neither hath he kept back any thing from me but thee, because thou art his wife: how then can I do this great wickedness, and sin against God?
Exodus
20
3
17
Thou shalt have no other gods before me. Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or any likeness of any thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth: Thou shalt not bow down thyself to them, nor serve them: for I the Lord thy God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate me; And shewing mercy unto thousands of them that love me, and keep my commandments. Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy God in vain; for the Lord will not hold him guiltless that taketh his name in vain. Remember the sabbath day, to keep it holy. Six days shalt thou labour, and do all thy work: But the seventh day is the sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates: For in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day: wherefore the Lord blessed the sabbath day, and hallowed it. Honour thy father and thy mother: that thy days may be long upon the land which the Lord thy God giveth thee. Thou shalt not kill. Thou shalt not commit adultery. Thou shalt not steal. Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbour. Thou shalt not covet thy neighbour’s house, thou shalt not covet thy neighbour’s wife, nor his manservant, nor his maidservant, nor his ox, nor his ass, nor any thing that is thy neighbour’s.
Joshua
24
15

And if it seem evil unto you to serve the Lord, choose you this day whom ye will serve; whether the gods which your fathers served that were on the other side of the flood, or the gods of the Amorites, in whose land ye dwell: but as for me and my house, we will serve the Lord.
Psalm
24
3
4
Who shall ascend into the hill of the Lord? or who shall stand in his holy place? He that hath clean hands, and a pure heart; who hath not lifted up his soul unto vanity, nor sworn deceitfully.

Proverbs 3:5–6:
“Trust in the Lord with all thine heart … and he shall direct thy paths.”

Isaiah 1:18:
“Though your sins be as scarlet, they shall be as white as snow.”

Isaiah 5:20:
“Woe unto them that call evil good, and good evil.”

Isaiah 29:13–14:
The restoration of the gospel is “a marvellous work and a wonder.”

Isaiah 53:3–5:
“Surely [Jesus Christ] hath borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows.”

Isaiah 58:6–7:
The blessings of a proper fast

Isaiah 58:13–14:
“Turn away … from doing thy pleasure on my holy day; and call the sabbath a delight.”

Jeremiah 1:4–5:
“Before I formed thee in the belly … I ordained thee a prophet unto the nations.”

Ezekiel 3:16–17:
The prophet is “a watchman unto the house of Israel.”

Ezekiel 37:15–17:
The Bible and the Book of Mormon “shall become one in thine hand.”

Daniel 2:44–45:
God shall “set up a kingdom, which shall never be destroyed.”

Amos 3:7:
“The Lord God … revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.”

Malachi 3:8–10:
The blessings of paying tithing

Malachi 4:5–6:
Elijah “shall turn … the heart of the children to their fathers.”


https://www.churchofjesuschrist.org/study/manual/doctrinal-mastery-core-document-2023/doctrinal-mastery-passages-and-key-phrases?lang=eng